Enable fused asm kernels for gfx90a (#1192)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MIOpen: test/CMakeLists.txt

message(STATUS "SKIP_TESTS: ${SKIP_TESTS}")
message(STATUS "SKIP_ALL_EXCEPT_TESTS: ${SKIP_ALL_EXCEPT_TESTS}")

> # List of tests that uses xnack mode.
> # Parameter that specifies xnack mode: --xnack [0|1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# List of tests that depend on the XNACK mode.
# Options convention: Tests that depend on the XNACK mode should support the "--xnack" option.
# If "--xnack 0" is specified (this is the default), then such tests should run in XNACK OFF mode.
# If XNACK is enabled on the GPU, then the testing mode must be changed by the --xnack 1 option.
```
